implementation guidance (#28)
quicwg/reliable-stream-reset: draft-ietf-quic-reliable-stream-reset.md

Code or the Final Size. If the receiver detects a change in those fields, it
MUST close the connection with a connection error of type STREAM_STATE_ERROR.

# Implementation Guidance

Semantically, the CLOSE_STREAM frame is more akin to the FIN bit than to the

> RESET_STREAM frame.

Reviewer: Maybe say it can be thought of as a combination of the two?

Author: Considering that this is the intro leading to the advice that CLOSE_STREAM should be implemented reusing code to handle FIN, I think we want to say that the frame has more commonality with FIN than RESET_STREAM.

I think the problem might be due to the use of the term"semantically," I've changed that to "In terms of transport machinery" in commit de5fe8b.

PTAL.

By sending a CLOSE_STREAM frame, the sender commits to delivering all bytes up
to the Reliable Size. The state transitions to "Data Sent" on the sender side,

> or to "Size Known" on the receive side. All the bytes up to the Reliable Size
> have to be sent adhering to the flow control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or to "Size Known" on the receive side. Note that the flow control limit might prevent
the sender from sending all bytes up to the Reliable Size at once.
```

To the endpoints, the only differences from closing a stream by using the FIN
bit are:
- the offset up to which the sender commits to sending might be smaller than
  Final Size,

> - this offset might get reduced,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- this offset might get reduced by subsequent RESET_STREAM_AT frames,
```

- the closure is accompanied by an error code, and

> - the CLOSE_STREAM frame never coveys payload like the STREAM frame with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the CLOSE_STREAM frame don't contain any payload like the STREAM frame with the
```

  with the FIN bit does.

Therefore, QUIC stacks might implement support for the RESET_STREAM_AT frame by

> extending their code path that deal with the FIN bit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
extending their code paths that deal with the FIN bit.
```
